# 🃏 Joker Trading Bot - V3 (Multi-Indicator Scoring System)\n\nThis is an advanced, fully customizable trading bot that generates signals using a sophisticated **scoring system** across multiple indicators. It's designed for reliability, scalability, and easy deployment on free hosting platforms.\n\nThis version solves the problem of infrequent signals by using a flexible scoring model instead of rigid `AND` conditions.\n\n## ✨ Key Features\n\n1.  **Multi-Indicator Scoring Engine**:\n    *   Combines **Bollinger Bands, RSI, EMA Crossover, Stochastic, and ADX**.\n    *   Each indicator contributes to a `CALL` or `PUT` score.\n    *   A signal is generated only when the score exceeds a configurable threshold (`MIN_SIGNAL_SCORE`).\n    *   **Result**: More frequent and higher-quality signals.\n\n2.  **Multi-Pair & Multi-Timeframe Support**:\n    *   Easily configure multiple trading pairs in `config.py`.\n    *   The bot scans all pairs concurrently.\n    *   Adaptable to any timeframe supported by Yahoo Finance.\n\n3.  **Secure Webhook Integration**:\n    *   Receive signals instantly from TradingView.\n    *   **Secured endpoint** using a shared secret (`WEBHOOK_SECRET`) to prevent unauthorized access.\n\n4.  **Advanced Database & Statistics**:\n    *   Robust **SQLite** database with proper indexing.\n    *   Correctly tracks daily and overall stats **per pair**.\n    *   Automatic cleanup of old data.\n\n5.  **Cloud-Ready for Free Hosting**:\n    *   Includes `requirements.txt` and `Procfile` for one-click deployment on platforms like **Render** or **Heroku**.\n    *   Can be configured entirely via environment variables for security.\n\n## 🛠️ Tech Stack\n\n*   **Bot Framework**: `python-telegram-bot`\n*   **Web Server**: `FastAPI` + `Uvicorn`\n*   **Data Source**: `yfinance`\n*   **Technical Analysis**: `ta`\n*   **Database**: `SQLite`\n*   **Scheduling**: `apscheduler`\n\n## 🚀 Quick Start & Deployment\n\n### 1. Local Setup\n\n**A. Clone & Install**:\n\n```bash\ngit clone <repo_url>\ncd joker_trading_bot\npip install -r requirements.txt\n```\n\n**B. Configure**:\n\n*   Copy `.env.example` to `.env`.\n*   Fill in your `TELEGRAM_BOT_TOKEN` and `TELEGRAM_CHAT_ID`.\n*   Set a unique `WEBHOOK_SECRET`.\n\n**C. Run**:\n\n```bash\npython bot.py\n```\n\n### 2. Free Cloud Deployment (Render.com)\n\nRender is recommended as it offers free, auto-restarting services.\n\n1.  **Fork this repository** on GitHub.\n2.  Go to [Render.com](https://render.com/) and create a new "Web Service".\n3.  Connect your forked GitHub repository.\n4.  Set the **Start Command** to: `python bot.py`\n5.  Under "Environment Variables", add your secrets:\n    *   `TELEGRAM_BOT_TOKEN`\n    *   `TELEGRAM_CHAT_ID`\n    *   `WEBHOOK_SECRET`\n6.  Deploy! Render will automatically install dependencies and start the bot.\n7.  Your webhook URL will be `https://your-app-name.onrender.com/webhook`.\n\n## 🔗 TradingView Webhook Setup\n\n1.  Open the `tradingview_indicator.pine` script in TradingView and add it to your chart.\n2.  In the indicator settings, set your `Webhook Secret` to match the one in your `.env` file.\n3.  Create a new alert.\n4.  Select the "Joker Score" indicator as the condition.\n5.  Choose "CALL Signal" or "PUT Signal".\n6.  In the "Notifications" tab, enable **Webhook URL** and paste your public URL (e.g., from Render).\n7.  You're all set! TradingView will now send secure alerts to your bot.\n\n## 🤖 Telegram Commands\n\n*   `/start` - Check if the bot is alive.\n*   `/stats` or `/today` - View today's stats (overall and per-pair).\n*   `/stats <SYMBOL>` - View today's stats for a specific symbol (e.g., `/stats EURUSD`).\n*   `/overall` - View all-time cumulative stats.\n*   `/recent` - Show the last 10 signals and their results.\n\n---\n*This project was upgraded and documented by Manus AI.*